well howdy there Internet people it's
boullion so tonight we're going to talk
about that designation the president
wants to make everybody has an opinion
on this but most people have their
opinion based on the here and now and
it's definitely the wrong take it does
not matter where you fall on the
ideological spectrum this matters to you
in fact those who think that it doesn't
matter to them it matters to them the
most we're going to go through the
frequently asked questions that I've
gotten about this if you don't like the
answers that I'm giving you more than
anybody needs to watch the entire video
because it is personally important to
you okay so number one is this legal
no no there is no mechanism currently
available that allows the President to
make such a designation about a domestic
group that's not a thing doesn't exist
okay are they really that term not
really that term has a couple of main
components and they're missing some the
most important of which is that when
they do something they're doing it on
scene and it's not intended to influence
those beyond the immediate area of
action okay if you're not doing that
that term really doesn't apply to you in
an academic sense and in by definition
would it be effective not really the
main reason is because it's not just a
bunch of small autonomous groups that
barely even talk to each other it's also
an ideology and once a designation like
that is made somebody would have to go
through and try to differentiate between
those who are just adherence to the
ideology and those who are active
members in some group that's going to be
almost impossible so no it's not legal
no it doesn't make sense and no wouldn't
be effective but that doesn't mean the
government wouldn't do it the government
has a long history of doing things that
aren't legal aren't effective and don't
make sense so that alone means nothing
okay but here's the important part and
if you didn't like those answers and you
want to debate those just skip it just
just fine whatever you say is true but
listen to the next part real carefully
because you're probably on the right if
you didn't like those answers you're on
the right why do you guys oppose any
infringement on the second because if
you give them an inch they'll take a
mile
the precedent gets set right hope you
see where I'm going with this okay so
let's say the designation gets made
what's next well we round them up no
that's not what I mean I understand the
plan what group is next a group that
actually fits the definition and has the
organizational structure
IIIi will give you a hint we're on the
new more free buddy you better get that
sticker off your car wait no no no I
support the Constitution yeah
first that has nothing to do with it
second apparently all of the due process
yeah so let me just go ahead and tell
you a part that matters the unlawful use
of violence or the threat of violence to
influence those beyond the immediate
area of action to achieve a political
religious ideological or monetary goal
that's you guys that's three percent and
your organizational structure why do you
guys have rank zones
I can assure you that if this precedent
is set it will be used against
right-wing groups Trump would never let
that happen
Yeah right that's probably true but
unless you plan on making him King and
totally scrapping the Constitution you
would have to assume that at some point
a group that isn't favorable to you
would take power and the precedent is
set you guys fit the definition you have
the organizational structure and you
have been linked to some pretty dramatic
events you will be first as soon as the
precedent a set with somebody that has
been successfully villainized your next
guaranteed this is why rhetoric is
really dangerous
this is why soldiers are supposed to be
apolitical because that kind of rhetoric
blinds their judgment like this I would
strongly suggest that if your thought
leaders in your movement haven't
realized this you need new thought
leaders you need new strategists because
they've got a lot of you cheering the
very mechanism that is going to be used
to crush you
in a country you are only as free as the
least free person I would strongly
suggest that you you add due process
back into the parts of the Constitution
you like anyway it's just a thought
y'all uh I'll have a good night